Allow scans with packs for languages not being scanned (#1116)
github/codeql-action: CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

> - It is no longer an error to include an unscanned language in the `packs` block in the codeql configuration file. [#1116](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/1116)

Reviewer: How's this?
```suggestion
- CodeQL query packs listed in the `packs` configuration field will be skipped if their target language is not being analyzed in the current Actions job. Previously, this would throw an error. [#1116](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/1116)
```
